Fix/gcp python intall (#2139)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/gcp-functions/index.mdx

## Install

> Install our Sentry SDK in the `requirements.txt` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Sentry SDK to your `requirements.txt`:
```

```text {filename:requirements.txt}

>  sentry_sdk>=0.17.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 sentry-sdk>=0.17.1
```
